feat(instrumentation-aws-sdk): upstream aws-sdk instrumentation from ext-js (#678)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-js-contrib: plugins/node/opentelemetry-instrumentation-aws-sdk/doc/sqs.md

- Sets the inter process context correctly, so that additional spans created through the process will be linked to parent spans correctly.  
This behavior is partially implemented, [See discussion below](#processing-spans).
- Extract trace context from SQS MessageAttributes, and set span's `parent` and `links` correctly according to the spec.

#### Processing Spans
According to open telemetry specification (and to reasonable expectation for trace structure), user of this library would expect to see one span for the operation of receiving messages batch from SQS, and then, **for each message**, a span with it's own sub-tree for the processing of this specific message. 

For example, if a `receiveMessages` returned 2 messages: 
* `msg1` resulting in storing something to a DB.
* `msg2` resulting in calling an external HTTP endpoint.  

This will result in a creating a DB span that would be the child of `msg1` process span, and an HTTP span that would be the child of `msg2` process span (in opposed to mixing all those operations under the single `receive` span, or start a new trace for each of them).

Unfortunately, this is not so easy to implement in JS:

> 1. The SDK is calling a single callback for the messages batch, and it's not straight forward to understand when each individual message processing starts and ends (and set the context correctly for cascading spans).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The SDK is calling a single callback for the messages batch, and it's not straightforward to understand when each individual message processing starts and ends (and set the context correctly for cascading spans).
```
